feat: style individual menu bar items (#952)
vaadin/docs: articles/ds/components/menu-bar/index.asciidoc

// TODO: restore after porting foundation docs, replace line above
// Note that the standard Menu Button styles can be adjusted using <<../../foundation/color#,theme features>>, so these variants should only be used to differentiate special instances of the component.

> === Individual Menu Items Themes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Styling Menu Items
```

> Individual menu item's appearance can be adjusted by applying <<../../customization/custom-theme#, custom theme>> to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An individual menu item can be style using a <<../../customization/component-variants#custom-variants, custom variant>>.
```

Reviewer 2: Just a typo: "style" -> "styled".

Reviewer: Fixed

> To style root level item theme should be created for `vaadin-menu-bar-button`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To style a root level item, create a custom variant for the `vaadin-menu-bar-button` component.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggest "root level" -> "root-level".

Reviewer: Updated

> To style sub-menu item theme should be created for `vaadin-context-menu-item`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To style a sub-menu item, created a custom variant for the `vaadin-context-menu-item` component.

See <<../../customization/custom-theme#vaadin-component-styles, Vaadin Component Variants>> for details how to add style sheets for those components.
```

Reviewer 2: Just a typo: "created" -> "create".

Reviewer: Fixed
